In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
[anguished cries]
Look up there!
You should take the elevator next time!
Pound it!
My deltaplane express delivery
wasn't the best idea.
Don't forget your bouquet!
Be careful on your way back!
For you, Milady!
Seriously, Cat Noir?
You're about to transform back.
So what?
Well, if you transform back,
then I'll know who you are, and then...
And then we won't have to keep secrets
from each other any more.
We'll be united, more powerful and free.
We'll defeat Hawk Moth,
then we can both run away to an island,
far away from everything!
We'll live of nothing but fruits!
We'll have a pet hamster,
-and we'll name it--
-Cat Noir!
I can't accept this rose from you.
I've told you already,
I'm in love with someone else.
I know, Milady. But if he weren't here,
would things be different between us?
Well, you know, I can't even begin
to imagine him not being here.
I'm sorry, Cat Noir.
I really gotta get going.
And you'd better do the same.
You sure take your time, Mr. Agreste!
En garde!
[Kagami] Predictable!
Predictable!
Predictable again!
Too predictable!
Way too predictable!
What's going on, Adrien?
I enjoy defeating you, but it's no fun
when you make it that easy.
Do you ever get the feeling
that you're stuck, Kagami?
That, no matter what you do, it's the same
old story, over and over again?
That things will never, ever change?
Adrien, the biggest mistake a fencer can
make isn't choosing the wrong technique,
it's choosing the wrong target.
Change targets.
Well, well, Casanova,
you got yourself a new contender?
No. No way.
Ladybug's the only one I love. But...
Ladybug doesn't love you, so maybe it's
about time you changed your tune. Right?
Why should it be different with Kagami?
I must not have the right technique.
I don't know a thing about human girls,
but when I meet a beautiful camembert...
I introduce myself. "Hello, camembert.
I'm Plagg, so very nice to... eat you!"
Thanks, but I'll get love advice
from someone else.
Uh...
[school bell rings]
[laughter]
-Marinette! Perfect timing!
-Oh!
-Huh? You think so?
-Actually, what I meant was,
I need some advice right now. Can we talk?
Uh... Abosutely.
OK, well... I'm sorry,
this is a bit awkward for me.
-Because it's about a girl.
-A... girl?
We see each other all the time.
We study together.
We've just been friends,
you know, until recently.
-Till... recently?
-Now I'm starting to see her differently.
-Has the same thing ever happened to you?
-Yes. No. Probably. What's she like?
She's special. Very Pretty.
She's got dark, silky hair.
Deep and mysterious eyes.
Do... do I know her?
Yeah! It's... Kagami!
[laughter]
Marinette?
-Uh? What?
-I was just asking you
-what I should do about Kagami.
-The Ice Queen?
-What?
-The Ice... rink!
That's what I said. No better place
to break the ice than the ice rink!
The ice rink? I think I'd be too shy
to go there with her by myself.
Well, uh, I could come along with you,
if you'd like!
You'd do that? That's awesome!
I can't wait to go
to the ice rink together! Thanks!
That's what friends are for!
Tikki, please tell me what just happened
didn't really happen at all!
Argh!
This will be your worst mess-up ever!
Get yourself out of this, right now!
Ideas, girls. Quick!
Tell him you'd promised
to hang with your GFs!
Maybe you got lost on the way over?
You got to go to a concert!
You have to finish an essay
on periwinkles' migration!
Actually, girls,
I don't think I want to cancel.
-Huh?
-Adrien really needs me.
And if he wants my advice, then why not?
After all, it's not an issue,
and I'm definitely not jealous, 'cause--
-'Cause you two love each other!
-Because there's nothing between us.
-What do you mean, nothing between you?
-There's everything between you!
I always jumble my words around him.
So, how could I even manage
going out on a date?
I think we were actually
just meant to be friends.
Whenever I talk to him as a friend,
I hardly stammer at all!
That's a sign right there, right?
-Hmm.
-Totally not!
[all argue]
[sighs]
Do you feel... kinda like this?
[plays sad, soulful music]
Personally, I think a girl like you
deserves to feel more like... this.
[livelier music]
And to whoever made you feel this way,
he's nothing but a...
Ha, ha! Thanks, Luka.
Say... are you free tomorrow?
Adrien? Shouldn't you be working
on your fencing moves?
Mr. D'Argencourt said he was very
disappointed at your last session.
Yes, I'm heading out for a one-on-one
lesson with my strongest partner, Kagami.
Hmm.
Could you drive me to the ice rink?
I said I was going for a lesson,
but I didn't say it was a fencing lesson.
I can't believe it, Mr. Mayor!
You want to shut my ice rink down?
This is not your ice rink, Philippe.
It belongs to the Parisians.
I'm not closing it down. I'll just be
converting it into an indoor gym
for my Chloé... uh, my city.
Nobody comes for lessons, anyway!
You haven't had a single student sign-up
this year. Just look around you!
Oh!
Huh? Wrong, Mr. Mayor!
Some new skaters! I knew it!
OK, OK! If you can get just one single
sign-up within ten minutes,
I'll put the gym conversion work on hold!
Consider it done!
It was really cool of you to bring Luka.
Of course. That's what friends are for.
I don't know what to do about Kagami.
Should I... offer to hold her hand?
-You have to let her fall.
-Huh?
No, what I meant was
you cannot let her fall in any way.
I mean, do whatever you can
so she doesn't fall!
So, yeah! Grab a hold of her hand
and take her onto the ice and then...
Aaah!
Try to be natural. Go with the flow and
listen to the rhythm. Just follow my lead.
-Don't be scared. I won't tell anyone.
-About what?
That you don't know how to tie your laces!
Come on!
Aaah!
-You OK?
-Uh-huh.
Hey, have you ever thought about
signing up for ice-skating lessons?
The judges couldn't resist
that smile of yours!
That's nice of you, but my life
is already filled with music.
And I might have a brand new song
to write, so...
Music's an important part of skating!
Think about it!
Did you invite them
not to be alone with me?
Of course not! It's just that
I asked Marinette to help me.
-Help you with what?
-To perfect my figure-skating skills!
But you don't need her for that.
Ah!
You have what it takes to be a champion.
The style, the talent...
-Let me be your coach!
-I only practise noble arts,
like archery or fencing.
Ice-skating is just for fun.
Aaah!
I'll give you a week of lessons for free!
Just few hours a day and you'd be a star!
Thanks,
but I'm already very busy as it is.
Is that Adrien Agreste?
Adrien Agreste, I can see it now!
Grace and style, model
and professional ice-skating champion!
If you take lessons with me,
I'll have you shining
like the candles on a birthday cake!
Um... maybe.
He already does fencing with me!
Ugh! Argh!
[gasps]
-Are you OK?
See how lessons could come in handy?
Please, Adrien Agreste,
just put your name on this form
and your fans will come running...
and my ice rink will be saved!
None of them want to sign up.
You can't force them now, can you?
You're right.
Get up!
The only reason you can't stay
on your feet is your hesitation.
I never hesitate.
Shall we go?
Marinette, are you OK?
I think I hurt myself.
It's probably best we call it a day.
Marinette doesn't look too good.
Sorry. I have to go and check on her.
I'm sorry, Philippe, but the ice rink
will be closed down tonight.
Ah! A burning passion
that's about to be put on ice.
What perfect bait for my akuma.
Fly away, my pretty akuma, and evilise
this ice-skater's newly frozen heart!
Why are you so sad?
[sighs]
I like Luka. He's really nice.
But do you think he's just like Adrien?
Just a friend?
Marinette? Are you OK?
-Yeah, I'm fine.
-You're meant to be in love with Ladybug
and you ditch Kagami
to go after Marinette?
Me? Going after Marinette?
No, she's just a friend.
Frozer, I am Hawk Moth.
They want to take your rink away from you.
So, from now on,
all of Paris will be your ice kingdom!
In return, you must bring me
Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Ready to skate, Hawk Moth!
What is that?
Marinette! Hide!
Is that ice? Whoa!
Let's try out Master Fu's Magicaroon!
Tikki, power up!
StalacTikki.
StalacTikki, spots on!
Ha!
Plagg! Power up!
-PlagGlacier!
-PlagGlacier, claws out!
Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Your frozen statues will sparkle
like trophies above my kingdom of ice!
[evil laugh]
Cat Noir, we need to set up a trap
for whoever turned the city
into a giant ice rink!
My feline instincts prefer
to track and observe before I attack.
You go your way, I'll go mine.
You're not still mad at me about the rose?
There may be
a certain chill now between us.
I get it. But we should really
focus on saving Paris!
We don't always have to do
everything together!
-It's not like we're a couple!
-Cat Noir, don't get all pouty on me!
[groans]
This way!
I need to set a trap,
but what could I use as bait?
[chuckles]
Thanks, kitty.
He's too fast!
I'm positive the akuma is in his skates.
My cataclysm could destroy his skates,
but he'd have to be up in the air.
You were right. We'll have to set a trap.
You were right too.
We observed and now we know enough!
Seems we're just missing a little push
of luck to get the edge on him!
Lucky charm!
A bag of salt?
Salt makes ice melt!
OK, while I keep Frozer busy,
you're gonna have to do some melting.
Listen!
[groans]
I'm waiting for you, Frozer!
Don't get cold feet now!
Don't play with fire, Ladybug!
-Let's see if you could do this!
-Don't make me laugh!
I'm closing in, Ladybug!
The next one is tricky!
Whoa!
Cataclysm!
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
Pound it!
You smashed through my plans
like an ice-breaker, Ladybug,
but revenge is a dish best served cold!
This is Philippe at the ice rink,
he makes skating so much fun!
Thank you, Adrien!
I hope this helps you
get more students to sign up!
You keep doing
what other people want you to do.
No, I just want him to be happy.
And I'm not changing my target,
even if it means failing over and over,
'cause, one day,
I will succeed and hit it.
The day you realise you've got
the wrong target, I'll be here.
[sighs]
Do you want to take the subway together,
Marinette?
You should go over and talk to him.
Thanks for inviting me out today.
Thanks for coming with me, Luka.
Adrien!
Marinette? Was there something
you wanted to tell me?
I love you, Adrien! Even if you love
Kagami. I just had to tell you. There!
Kagami? I don't love her.
You're the one I love.
How could I have been so blind?
Uh... You love me?
So... We can get married
and have a beautiful house
and a dog, a cat or a hamster,
and we'll name it--
-Marinette!
-Marinette?
You OK, Marinette?
I just wanted to say that...
we should go and skate
at the ice rink more often. Yeah!
-You mean... just you and me?
-You and me?
Oh, no! Course not!
'Cause we should take the whole gang
there. Luka, Kagami, Alya, Nino!
You're right. That would be awesome!
I'll try to free up some time.
-See you at school.
-Bye.
Tikki,
please don't tell me I did it again!
Don't worry.
You'll get there one day, Marinette.
One at a time, now!
Yes, yes, sign up right here.
Learn to skate like Adrien Agreste!